Babe Dressing
Author: Mandy Stanley
Publisher: HarperCollins Publishers
Year: 1997
ISBN: 0001360469
Part of a series of board books introducing Babe. This book joins Babe as she gets dressed.

Paddington at the Tower (A Paddington Picture Book)
Author: Michael Bond
Publisher: Collin
Year: 1976
ISBN: 0001821326
The irresistible, classic bear from Darkest Peru, who was found on Paddington station, causes havoc while out sight-seeing! When Paddington visits the Tower of London he makes sure he has enough marmalade sandwiches to sustain him - a whole suitcase in fact! Unfortunately, it is not only bears who like sandwiches as Paddington is soon to discover...

The Moon of Gomrath
Author: Alan Garner
Publisher: HarperCollins Publishers
Year: 1983
ISBN: 0001845039
Once again, it details the involvement of two children, Colin and Susan, with the world of myth and magic. This time the focus is on the potential of the older, wilder forms of magic and myth cycle to create both creative and destructive forces on the world.

To ease the surrender of the Weirdstone in The Weirdstone of Brisingamen, Susan was given a magical bracelet by Angharad Goldenhand. It is the donning of this bracelet which has launched Susan unwittingly on a destiny connected with the cycles of the moon and hence the older wilder powers of the world. The Moon of Gomrath begins when the elves (lios-alfar) borrow the bracelet, with her consent, to see if its power can be directed by them to battle an unknown evil power in their own lands in Sinadon. However while unprotected by the bracelet, Susan is possessed by the Brollachan, an ancient evil released after an old pit is broken open during building work. The wizard Cadellin, guardian of the sleeping knights in The Weirdstone of Brisingamen, cannot restore Susan after the Brollachan has been driven out of her body; instead perceiving that her spirit has been driven to another spiritual dimension, unreachable with ordinary means. It is Colin's true-hearted heroic love and need for his sister which provides the answer; as he responds to the older powers of the world. He therefore comes to seek the Mothan at moonrise. The Mothan is a mythical plant which grows on the Old Straight Track. This is a motif inspired by the book named The Old Straight Track. It is part of the Old Magic, in contrast to Cadellin's High Magic. Susan is dramatically restored to her own body.

However, her sojourn to other levels of existence has sensitised her to the powers with which she and her brother have been coming to associate and the story takes a new dramatic turn. On walking home across the Edge on dusk, they are inspired to build a fire to keep warm, Susan almost manically so. This fire includes rowan and pine which unintendedly act as a wendfire, which on this night of the year has the power to call ancient spirits from their mounds. Colin and Susan release the Wild Hunt, which return several times during the course of the novel.

While they are trying to undo what they have done, the Morrigan captures Colin and imprisons him in Errwood Hall, which her magic restores into a building, which except in moonlight teleports into a lightless magic realm. This sets up the denouement, a pitched battle between the forces of the Morrigan (goblin-like bodachs and wildcat palugs) and Susan's allies (the lios-alfar, the dwarf Uthecar, and man Albanac), both willing and unwilling. Although Colin is rescued, Albanac is killed. When the elves withdraw their support as a lost cause, the Morrigan finally releases the Brollachan, focusing it on Susan to destroy her growing potential as a force for good. It is the other gift from Angharad Goldenhand which saves the day and the Old Magic is set free forever.
Background

Garner provides a sidelight on his authorial approach by including an appendix of books which inspired him, along with a brief discussion of his approach to mythology.

Garner repeatedly refused to write a third, despite persistent requests, claiming that this would actually diminish the emotional power of the first two books and that his material, interests and style have moved on long ago. However Boneland, the conclusion to the sequence, was finally published in August 2012.[2] 


Little Wolf's Book of Badness
Author: Ian Whybrow
Publisher: Collins
Year: 1999
ISBN: 0001857258
Little Wolf has been brushing his teeth without being growled at, he's been going to bed early, and he's been far too nice to his baby brother, Smellybreff. His parents, concerned they will never make a beast of him, send Little Wolf off to Cunning College, where his Uncle Bigbad instructs timid cubs in the rules of badness. Will Little Wolf earn his BAD badge? Or will his uncle Bigbad HUFF and PUFF and turn Little Wolf into a sausage sandwich?

The Brambly Hedge Treasury
Author: Jill Barklem
Publisher: HarperCollins Publishers
Year: 1991
ISBN: 0001935968
"Brambly Hedge is on the other side of the stream, across the field. If you can find it, and if you look very hard amongst the tangled roots and stems, you may even see a wisp of smoke from a small chimney, or through an open door, a steep flight of stairs deep within the trunk of a tree. For this is the home of mice of Brambly Hills"--Back cover.

The Badger's Bath (Percy's Park)
Author: Nick Butterworth
Publisher: HarperCollins Publishers
Year: 1996
ISBN: 0001981323
Badger has had a fantastic day digging and becoming rather dirty, so Percy insists on him having a bath before tea. Badger suddenly disappears, but it's not long before Percy finds out where he's been hiding.

Mr. Wright
Author: Ian Wright
Publisher: HarperCollinsWillow
Year: 1997
ISBN: 0002187272
An autobiography of Ian Wright, the British footballer who shot to prominence in 1985 when he joined Crystal Palace from Greenwich Borough Services. Six years later he joined Arsenal, and has been the club's top goal-scorer every season since.

Birds of East Africa (Collins Field Guides)
Author: John G. Williams
Publisher: Trafalgar Square
Year: 1995
ISBN: 0002191792
Preface
This book is a Field Guide to the Birds, of East Africa and its scope is
epitomised in its title. The region specifically covered consists of Eritrea,
Ethiopia, Somalia, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Zanzibar and Pemba Islands,
Mozambique, Malawi, Zambia and Zimbabwe. However, its value as a field
reference work extends far beyond the political boundaries since distri-
butions of all the species treated are given for the entire African Conti-
nent.
The greatest difficulty confronting an author of any book concerned with
the birds of East Africa is one of selecting those species to be illustrated from
a region with such a rich avifauna. To give an example of this super-
abundance, no fewer than 1,033 species of birds are known from the rela-
tively small country of Kenya.
This volume has its origins in my Field Guide to the Birds of East and
Central Africa, first published in 1963 and many times reprinted, which it
now replaces. That guide concentrated upon the most common species of
birds to be found in the vast region covered and those which drew attention
by their spectacular appearance or loud calls. This new book greatly expands
the coverage to include over 500 more species and entirely new artwork
illustrates a much greater number of species depicting in full colour those
which were originally shown in black and white. In the pages that follow 665
species are fully described and illustrated and the essential field characters of
a further 633 species are enumerated in the text under the heading ‘Allied
Species’.
The data upon which this Field Guide is based have been compiled from
many sources. They are drawn primarily from field-notes and specimens
personallycollected in all the regions covered; from information 'and speci-
mens supplied by resident and visiting naturalists and from a study of all the
available literature. I am especially indebted to Messrs P. A. Clancey, Tony
Archer, Tim Barnley, Daphne Ball, Ivan Bampton, Steve Collins, Rob Glen,
Tony Start and Alec Forbes-Watson for East African records; and to Messrs
C. W. Benson, M. P. Stuart Irwin and Reay H. N. Smithers for data on
relative abundance and distribution of certain species found in central
Africa.
It is the author’s pleasure to record his deep appreciation and gratitude to
the many persons - too numerous to mention individually - who have
assisted in so many ways, especially during his zoological field trips.
Norman Arlott would particularly like to thank Basil Parsons, Jack Block
11
12 PREFACE
and Robert Gillmor for their help and advice during the preparation of the
illustrations.
The Unknown: There are still many places in eastern Africa which have never
been explored zoologically. There can be no doubt that there still remain a
small number of undescribed species of birds awaiting discovery. In the heart
of the Impenetrable Forest of south-western Kigezi, Uganda, there exists a
green turaco with very little red on the wings. This bird has never been
collected, although seen by two ornithologists of repute besides the author. A
very large all black swift has been observed on Marsabit Mountain in the
Northern Frontier Province of Kenya; and a greyish, long-tailed bird with
red or chestnut under tail-coverts has been glimpsed in the nearby Mathews
Range